---
date: '2022-08-20T10:00:21.000Z'
title: 'Need of  Financial security '
tagline: Decentralised Insurance
preview: >
  Losing people’s life savings is both a mental and financial breakdown for
  them, several lost their family and lives because of these events.
image: >-
  https://paytmblogfinal.wpengine.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/09/10_Insurance_What-is-Insurance-What-are-the-Types-of-Insurance.jpg
---
We all know that web3 space is in its booming stage there are so many accidental risks involved in this space as any other central institutions work. The latest technology where a lot of money is involved has its own limitations in terms of security and assistance. We have seen how some incidents in this space like, The sudden crash of the terra luna ecosystem a black swan event that had severe consequences for not only its investors but the crypto ecosystem at large. Many investors lost their entire life savings which were parked in terra coin, a stablecoin with a market capitalisation of over $18 billion before the crash. Losing people’s life savings is both a mental and financial breakdown for them, several lost their family and lives because of these events.
The word insurance basically is a contract, represented by a policy, in which a policy holder receives financial protection or reimbursement against losses from an insurance company. We can now insure any Web3 projects by accepting a premium which can be staked in our protocols. Using the latest oracles that are in the ecosystem we can access any situation and can take decisions from the DAO, In the difficult times we can issue an assistance to those projects which the aid will be always greater than their staked value and according to the impact of the situation. We can give our audit reports and assurance to the common people for every projects registered on our protocols.



